#summary iDJ User's Guide
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= iDJ User's Guide =

This page is intended as instructions both to users (how to use) and developers (how to implement).

== Loading and playing of MP3 songs ==

  * Double-tap the disc to open your iPod directory list.
  * Click the song.
  * The song is loaded, and you return to the main view.

== Cross-fader == 
The Cross-fader is used to mix between songs.

  * The cross-fader is the big slider control in the bottom of the screen.
  * Pull the slider to the far left to only hear Deck 1, pull it to the far right to only hear Deck 2.
  * When the slider is in the middle, both Deck 1 and 2 are played with equal volume.


== Forward/reverse (in-song navigation) ==
You navigate a song by rotating the records.

  * Press a finger on one of the decks.
  * Drag the finger clockwise to move forward in the song.
  * Drag the finger counter-clockwise to move back in the song.
  * Release the deck to let it resume playing.

== Pitch/speed control ==

You can change the pitch/speed either by touching the discs, or with the slider control for more precise changes.

=== Temporary speed change by touching the discs ===

  * Place a finger on one of the spinning discs to slow it down to a halt.
  * Move the finger on the disc clockwise to play the song. The quicker you move the finger around, the higher pitch.
  * Let go of the finger to let the disc resume its original speed.

=== Permanent speed change with slider controls ===

  * The pitch controls are located in the middle of each of the discs.
  * Press the finger against a pitch control, and it will grow larger for more precise adjustments.
  * Move the slider upwards for higher speed/pitch. Move the slider downwards for lower speed/pitch.
  * Let go of the control, and it will shrink to its original size. The speed will remain at the level you set it.

=== "English Spin" ===

== Scratching ==

== Volume control ==
(two channels)

== Equalizer ==